content/openings/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Openings"
build:
  list: true
cascade:
  build:
    render: false

intro: |
  We are looking for motivated and outstanding students. If you are interested in our researches, just contact us.

opportunities:
  - title: "Funded Postdoc: Nanopore single-molecule detection"
    description: |
      We are hiring a **1 funded postdoc** position in the project about nanopore single-molecule detection technology. Please see more information:

      - Job ad: [Uppsala University – Job #885266](https://www.uu.se/en/about-uu/join-us/jobs-and-vacancies/job-details?query=885266)
      - Apply via Varbi: [Submit application](https://uu.varbi.com/en/what:login/type:job/jobID:885266)

      The application deadline is **2026-02-02**.

  - title: "Marie Skłodowska-Curie Actions (MSCA) Postdoctoral Fellowships"
    url: ""
    description: "Competitive EU fellowships for postdocs."

  - title: "Carl Tryggers Stiftelse Postdoc"
    url: "https://www.carltryggersstiftelse.se/ansok/"
    description: "Funding for postdoctoral research."

  - title: "Olle Engkvist Stiftelse Postdoc"
    url: "https://oes.se/att-ansoka/ansokan-vetenskaplig-forskning/"
    description: "Postdoctoral funding opportunities."

  - title: "Wenner-Gren Stiftelserna Postdoc"
    url: "https://www.swgc.org/postdoktorsstipendier-sverige"
    description: "Postdoctoral fellowships in Sweden."

  - title: "Wenner-Gren Visiting Scholar"
    url: "https://www.swgc.org/gastforskarstipendier-sverige"
    description: "Visiting researcher fellowship."

contact:
  name: "Dr. Chenyu Wen"
  email: "Chenyu.wen@angstrom.uu.se"
  note: |
    Welcome to contact us for more information. Your cover letter and CV may be shared internally and with external committee members for review.
---

Commit message:

Openings: add MS thesis projects; fix YAML structure

content/openings/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Openings"
build:
  list: true
cascade:
  build:
    render: false

intro: |
  We are looking for motivated and outstanding students. If you are interested in our researches, just contact us.

opportunities:
  - title: "Funded Postdoc: Nanopore single-molecule detection"
    description: |
      We are hiring a **1 funded postdoc** position in the project about nanopore single-molecule detection technology. Please see more information:

      - Job ad: [Uppsala University – Job #885266](https://www.uu.se/en/about-uu/join-us/jobs-and-vacancies/job-details?query=885266)
      - Apply via Varbi: [Submit application](https://uu.varbi.com/en/what:login/type:job/jobID:885266)

      The application deadline is **2026-02-02**.

  - title: "Marie Skłodowska-Curie Actions (MSCA) Postdoctoral Fellowships"
    url: "https://marie-sklodowska-curie-actions.ec.europa.eu/actions/postdoctoral-fellowships"
    description: "Competitive EU fellowships for postdoctoral researchers."

  - title: "Carl Tryggers Stiftelse Postdoc"
    url: "https://www.carltryggersstiftelse.se/ansok/"
    description: "Funding for postdoctoral research."

  - title: "Olle Engkvist Stiftelse Postdoc"
    url: "https://oes.se/att-ansoka/ansokan-vetenskaplig-forskning/"
    description: "Postdoctoral funding opportunities."

  - title: "Wenner-Gren Stiftelserna Postdoc"
    url: "https://www.swgc.org/postdoktorsstipendier-sverige"
    description: "Postdoctoral fellowships in Sweden."

  - title: "Wenner-Gren Visiting Scholar"
    url: "https://www.swgc.org/gastforskarstipendier-sverige"
    description: "Visiting researcher fellowship."

title: "Master’s thesis projects (Sweden)"
    description: "Master thesis projects are available for students from Sweden. Contact us for details."

contact:
  name: "Dr. Chenyu Wen"
  email: "Chenyu.wen@angstrom.uu.se"
  note: |
    Welcome to contact us for more information. Your cover letter and CV may be shared internally and with external committee members for review.
---
